update fig3 and S4 & results (#194)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-manuscript: content/03.results.md

Although LGG and embryonal tumors make up the majority of tumor types within the OpenPBTA, most of the significant gene interactions stem from HGATs (N = 847/872). 
At the broad histology level, _CTNNB1_ significantly co-occurs with _TP53_ (5/14 or 35.7%, OR = 42.9%, q = 1.63e-3) and _DDX3X_ (5/16 or 31.3%, OR = 21.1, q = 4.46e-3) in embryonal tumors, _FGFR1_ and _PIK3CA_ significantly co-occur in LGGs (3/9 or 33.3%, OR = 76.1, q = 3.26e-3), consistent with previous findings [@doi:10.1200/JCO.2010.31.1670; 10.1186/s40478-020-01027-z].
_TP53_ and _PPM1D_ mutations have been shown to be mutually exclusive in HGATs, and our data recapitulates that trend (52/54 or 96.3% of tumors have a mutation in either gene, OR = 0.188, p = 4.13e-2, q = 5.87e-2) [@doi:10.1038/ng.2938].

> We next assessed the contributions of a brain-specific mutational signature [@doi:10.1038/s43018-020-0027-5] comprising of eight reference signatures (RefSig) across cancer groups **Figure {@fig:Fig3}C** and samples **Figure {@fig:FigS4}A**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We next assessed the contributions of eight previously identified adult CNS-specific mutational signatures [@doi:10.1038/s43018-020-0027-5] (RefSig) across cancer groups **Figure {@fig:Fig3}C** and samples **Figure {@fig:FigS4}A**.
```

Stage 0 and/or 1 tumors characterized by low TMBs **Figure {@fig:FigS2}G** such as LGGs, gangliogliomas, craniopharyngiomas, DNETs, and schwannomas are expectedly dominated by Signature 1, which results from the normal process of spontaneous deamination of 5-methylcytosine.
Signature N6 is CNS-specific signature which we observe nearly universally across samples.

> Drivers of Signature 18, _TP53_, _APC_, _NOTCH1_, are also canonical drivers of medulloblastoma tumors, and indeed, we observe Signature 18 as the most common signature in medulloblastoma tumors.

Reviewer: I think we should cite this, but it's tricky because this isn't in the paper itself, just on the website database here: https://signal.mutationalsignatures.com/explore/referenceCancerSignature/31/drivers . Maybe just the link in parentheses..?

Author: Yeah, I noticed the paper was slightly different and wondered if they updated their website since. I will add.

Author: done

Signatures 3, 8, 18, and MMR2 are prevalent in HGGs, including DMGs.
Finally, we observe that the weight of Signature 1 is higher at diagnosis (pre-treatment) and is almost always lower in tumors at later phases of therapy (progression, recurrence, post-mortem, secondary malignancy) **Figure {@fig:FigS4}B**.

> This is likely the result of therapy-induced mutations which produce additional signatures (for example, temozolomide treatment underlying Signature 11) and/or subclonal expansion and/or acquisition of additional driver mutations during tumor progression, leading to higher overall TMBs and additional signatures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This trend may be the result of therapy-induced mutations which produce additional signatures (e.g., temozolomide treatment drives Signature 11), subclonal expansion, and/or acquisition of additional driver mutations during tumor progression, leading to higher overall TMBs and additional signatures.
```

Chromothripsis events were observed in 41% (N = 19/46) of non-midline high-grade gliomas and 28.2% (N = 11/39) of DMGs (**Figure {@fig:Fig3}E**). 
We also found evidence of chromothripsis in over 15% of embryonal tumors, ependymomas, meningiomas, germinomas, glial-neuronal tumors, chordomas, metastatic secondary tumors, and sarcomas, highlighting the genomic instability and complexity of pediatric brain tumors.

> ![**Figure 3. Mutational co-occurrence and signatures highlight key oncogenic drivers.** A, Bar plot of occurrence and co-occurrence of nonsynonymous mutations for the 50 most commonly mutated genes across all tumor types (annotated from `cancer_group` if N >= 10 or `Other` if N < 10); B, Co-occurrence and mutual exclusivity of nonsynonymous mutations between genes; The co-occurrence score is defined as $I(-\log_{10}(P))$ where $P$ is defined by Fisher's exact test and $I$ is 1 when mutations co-occur more often than expected and -1 when exclusivity is more common; C, Sina plots of RefSig signature weights for signatures 1, 3, 8, 11, 18, 19, N6, MMR2, and Other across cancer groups. Box plot lines represent the first quartile, median, and third quartile. D, The number of SV breaks significantly correlate with CNV breaks (Adjusted R = 0.436, p = 1.08e-37). E, Chromothripsis frequency across pediatric brain tumors shown by `cancer_group` with N >= 3.](images/main/Figure3.png){#fig:Fig3}

Reviewer: We should note that only cancer groups with >=3 samples are shown.

Author: I see that noted here:
```
E, Chromothripsis frequency across pediatric brain tumors shown by `cancer_group` with N >= 3.](images/main/Figure3.png){#fig:Fig3}
 ```
Did you make the change or am I missing something?
